*Open Heaven 28 December 2023 TOPIC: Talk Is Cheap*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “The former treatise have I made, O Theophilus, of all that Jesus began both to do and teach,” – Acts 1:1 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Matthew 23:1-7 (KJV)

1 Then spake Jesus to the multitude, and to his disciples,

2 Saying The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses’ seat:

3 All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do; but do not ye after their works: for they say, and do not.

4 For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men’s shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers.

5 But all their works they do for to be seen of men: they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders of their garments,

6 And love the uppermost rooms at feasts, and the chief seats in the synagogues,

7 And greetings in the markets, and to be called of men, Rabbi, Rabbi.

If I tell someone that over-speeding when driving is unsafe and then I do the same, does the fact that I talk about it exempt me from its consequences? If you talk about prayer so well and you don’t pray, all the problems that follow prayerlessness will keep following you. This is why we see many people who are sound in Scriptures, yet the word of God does not seem to be yielding anything in their lives. Many a time, it is because they only know the Scriptures, they don’t live by it.

The former treatise have I made, O Theophilus, of all that Jesus began both to do and teach. – Acts 1:1

The above passage shows how Jesus lived. He first ‘did’ before He ‘taught’. If you have not yet done that thing, you have no business teaching it. If it is really valuable as you claim it is, then you should do it first. We who teach the gospel must note what James 3:1 says that teachers will receive the strictest judgement. This is because if you teach it, God expects you to have already been doing it. When you teach what you don’t do, that is hypocrisy. There are many people who are derailed when they see a teacher of the word not practicing what he or she preaches. May people not go to hell because you showed them the wrong example, in Jesus’ name. Matthew 18:6 says:

But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea.

If you really believe what you teach, practice it. If you cannot practice it, stop teaching it.

Open Heaven 28 December 2023 KEY POINT:

Merely talking about something does not accrue its benefits to you. Practicing it is what does.

Open Heaven 28 December 2023 HYMN 3 – Ancient Words

1 Holy words long preserved,For our walk in this world,They resound with God’s own heart;Oh, let the ancient words impart.

Refrain:Ancient words, ever true,Changing me and changing you,We have come with open hearts;Oh, let the ancient words impart.

2 Words of life, words of hope,Give us strength, help us cope,In this world, where e’er we roam;Ancient words will guide us home.

3 Holy words of our faith,Handed down to this age,Came to us through sacrifice;Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ.

4 Holy words long preserved,For our walk in this world,They resound with God’s own heart;Oh, let the ancient words impart.

Open Heavens 2023 Daily Devotional guide was written by Pastor E.A. Adeboye, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, one of the largest evangelical church in the world and also the President of Christ the Redeemer’s Ministries. The Open Heavens devotional application is available across all mobile platforms and operating systems: iOS, Android, Blackberry, Nokia, Windows Mobile and PC. Open Heaven for Today 2023 

Flatimes Notice Board: Until you are born again, God ever abiding presence will never be with you. You must be born again to enjoy continuous victory. Please say the displayed prayer below in faith:

Lord Jesus, come into my life. I accept You as my Lord and Personal Saviour. I believe in my heart You died and rose from the dead to save me. Thank You Lord for saving me, in Jesus’ name Amen.

If you just prayed the prayer of salvation online please send your testimonies and prayer request to info@rccg.org, +234-1-8447340, +234-0-7098213112.

*MESSAGE*


**


*HYMN*




*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Revelation 12-14
